rated T for teen
the latest in co is long-standing and
highly successful tactical action series
dynasty warriors strikeforce finds the
Wu Shu and way kingdoms once again vying
for supremacy within the war-torn
landscape of imperial china dynasty
warriors strikeforce offers players the
most intense and dynamic combat sedation
strike from the ground as well as this
guy utilizing your characters and
credible qi abilities to fly through the
air in advance against enemy forces lock
on targeting allows you to hone in on
your intended victim with a variant
color scale indicating the effectiveness
of your weapon against each enemy type
up to now we talked about online
multiplayer combat but how about single
player plays featuring an improved
single-player experience gamers can now
draft up to three allied officers to
lend their fighting fury in each battle
order them to clear the rank and file
dismantle destructive artillery destroy
the weapon okay or remain in your
vicinity to create a tightly packed
offensive juggernaut
following your every command allied
officers helped influence Devon full
combat in your favor
cause massive destruction as we
transform into fury form granting your
characters supernatural abilities and
power including lightning speed attacks
and ferocious takedown initiate the
devastating Musou attack to clear the
battlefield and then finish off the
lingering enemy all of China will soon
be yours the transformation of tactical
action begins when dynasty warriors
strikeforce ships on February 16 2010